now because the liner of the Mach 1 star
helmet was custom to produce it required
still there but to do the rivets and
skill labor was required elsewhere by
the time war had broken out the
government put in huge demand for steel
helmets and this led to the rise of the
British Army Mach 2 steel helmet which
is a completely revised design so we'll
get shut up at 1 this is what you'll
find this is the bog standard World War
two British Army mark 2 steel helmet
looks like a world war 1 shell but isn't
its newly manufactured for the period
the world war 2 mark 2 steel helmet will
always have World War 2 dates actually
on the shelf you have manufacturers
initials then you'll have MK 1 1 mark -
and then idiot that's the inspectors
number so if you've got one of our
shells World War 2 death it's the Mack -
shell it's not a world war 1 braudy
now also because the lineman of the Mach
1 star expensive to produce skill levels
needed elsewhere in 1937 the liner was
revised and saw a world war 2 dead shell
with this new type of liner with the
cross-section pod which was simply to
produce all this indicates the atman to
be the standard World War 2 issue Mach 2
steel helmet it also returns a similar
fixins glitchin struck and he should
have a sprung line as spring stopped on
it but didn't this one reason for this
example and also on one of one of the
the firearms it'll be wartime deity to
love the sign this decides on it as well
so that's your world war ii british army
mark ii steel helmet which isn't the
reason reissue braudy and these served a
british army up until about 1944
really they served the army great
throughout the war and in about 1943-44
ish the mark 3 helmet was introduced
which is normal collectors as the turtle
shaped helmet which will shorten in
another video but so that's basically
depending on which way you watch these
videos around that's basically how their
British Army tommy helmet is the call
evolved from them the mark 1 into the
common or garden mark 2 and after the
war stocks of these helmets were sold by
the thousands to the Dutch army and the
Dutch army would have them as World War
two dead shells World War two deadly
liners and then eventually the Dutch
army made an exact copy in which the
shell has Dutch markings on it the liner
is post-war Dutch army jetty and he has
a Dutch army strap on it and also to
make matters more complicated the Dutch
would issue the Dutch army shell with
the world war two British liner and that
also do the World War 2 liner the World
War 2 liner with the Dutch army shell
and the World War two shell with the
Charmy lining to further complicate
things so now for the past 10 or 20
years the Dutch army no longer used the
Tommy puttan helmet they went over to
the American puttan helmet and a bitch
army helmet he's easy to recognize
because he evolved a liner or the helmet
will be post-war deed and also it'll
have a a different type of strap with
like a clasp and a pushing thing a bit
like a bit like an american-style thing
and also on the outside
it'll be painted the butch ones tend to
apparently they're either a gray color
or a very light drain and on the side
but we had tricolour Dickel or the
remains of one all that post
indicate to be post-war shell this one
however underneath partner belicoff it's
had originally a triangle of the english
7th 9th Armored Division
and it has been over painted by these
Blue Diamond of the
Irish Guards which is quite a nice
anyway so that's that's a box funded
World War two Mach 2 British Army steel
helmet and if you want to find one
nowadays that's the one that you find so
you see not all world war ii british
army helmets our world will warm broadly
helmets and not all World War one
broadly helmets that you see on YouTube
are actually well worn broadly helmets
so that basically tells you the
difference between them anywhere